everyone's creating content I'm talking
about the same thing over and over
again that is how you're going to really
stand out more than anything else it's
the details that make the content stand
out you got to start focusing on topics
that haven't already been beaten to
[Music]
death we're going to talk about how to
make your content stand out when
everyone is using AI it's kind of crazy
to think about the amount of people that
are producing content whether you're
using tools like mid Journey or chat GPT
it doesn't matter everyone is creating
content for any type of platform out
there whether it's social or whether
it's text based
content it's getting endless or even
songs look at the mixup with AI using uh
what was it the weekend and Drake right
AI ended up creating a song for both
those artists together although they
didn't technically do it more so the AI
fictionally made it and it went viral on
Tik Tok but everyone's creating content
so how do you stand out when others are
using AI to just create content in Mass
skill because whatever you're creating
in many cases you're going to see me too
and duplicate versions of it and if
everything is looking the same what's
going to make you stand out and why
should someone choose you over the
competition the posts that really stand
out at least to me are even on Twitter
too is when people share data but also
stories that you're sharing as well
people like to do buiness business with
people and they become invested in the
stories that you're sharing too I'm a
big believer if you can share
experiences that is how you're going to
really stand out more than anything else
because the problem with data and I'm
with Eric on this I used to create a lot
of content with data what I find is then
a lot of other people start using the
same data or they end up creating
studies with similar data and I can see
AI already doing this in the future but
sharing your own personal experiences
that's going to be hard for AI to
replicate I think that's what makes
things unique and when I say personal
experiences it's the details that make
the content stand out because when
someone's actually been through
something they'll be able to share the
details versus someone who hasn't been
through it great example of this is I
was reading an article from a friend and
I won't get into too much detail they're
good now but they had cancer and they
wanted to share their journey and when
they broke down how they fell and
everything that they were going through
it was just like all right unless
someone's actually had
cancer you're not going to be able to
get this detailed with the content and I
thought the content was really great I'm
happy for her in which uh she's good
right now and hopefully it stays that
way forever um but
nonetheless it's those kind of
experiences or those kind of details
that you put within content that really
makes it stand out here's the other
thing that uh that's kind of related to
experiences too when people make
reaction videos on YouTube for example
they're sharing their experiences to to
a degree and so usually people just need
a little nudge they need to think about
things a little differently and by you
providing that that's actually really
valuable yeah a few other things the
first thing is or another point that I
want to end up bringing up is you got to
start focusing on content on topics that
haven't already been beaten to death one
of the big reasons why a lot of people
create content doesn't stand out whether
it's AI driven or it's non- Aid driven
is they're talking about the same thing
over and over again for example if I
create an article on optimizing my
metatags how many people have already
talked about that but on the flip side
Google just ended up releasing Bard uh
to the public and mass skill and they
give examples of the queries that you
can end up getting through Bard or even
Google Now if you talk about how to
adapt your SEO with Google's new
algorithm and their new search results
and how they're using AI for that that's
new unique interesting I can share stats
and data based on what I'm seeing with
some are they getting more clicks are
they getting less clicks is clicks not
changing at all what percentage of the
queries do we see this happening with
like all these kind of things make it
super unique and custom where people are
like oh wow this is interesting I
haven't read about that before the
second thing that'll allow your content
to stand out is how can you end up
integrating influencers so for example
Tucker Carlson got fired from Fox he's
now creating his own show on Twitter and
it's a captain ating audience if you can
partner with someone and bringing that
personality into your business that'll
also make your content stand out um
people love Brands and when I mean
Brands I'm not just talking about
corporate Brands I'm talking about
personal Brands so how do you integrate
other well-known people whether it's
tuer Carlson or Tony Robbins or Gary
vaynerchuck or whoever it may be or
LeBron James and you may not be able to
get these big influencers but you may be
able to get a micro influencer where
just someone's just wellknown in the
space that can end up driving you more
visibility versus just doing what
everyone else is doing just creating the
same me too regurgitated
content now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share it tell the people
about it thank you very much